Refresh kubeadm docs for Windows (#33324)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubeadm/upgrading-windows-nodes.md

    ```powershell
    # replace {{< param "fullversion" >}} with your desired version

>     curl.exe -Lo <path-to-kubeadm>\kubeadm.exe https://dl.k8s.io/{{< param "fullversion" >}}/bin/windows/amd64/kubeadm.exe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    curl.exe -Lo <path-to-kubeadm.exe> https://dl.k8s.io/{{< param "fullversion" >}}/bin/windows/amd64/kubeadm.exe
```
?

Author: updated all the instances of this

    kubeadm upgrade node
    ```

> ### Upgrade kubelet and kubeproxy

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Upgrade kubelet and kube-proxy
```

1.  From the Windows node, upgrade and restart the kubelet:

    ```powershell
    stop-service kubelet
    curl.exe -Lo <path-to-kubelet.exe> https://dl.k8s.io/{{< param "fullversion" >}}/bin/windows/amd64/kubelet.exe
    restart-service kubelet
    ```

2. From the Windows node, upgrade and restart the kube-proxy.

    ```powershell
    stop-service kube-proxy
    curl.exe -Lo <path-to-kube-proxy.exe> https://dl.k8s.io/{{< param "fullversion" >}}/bin/windows/amd64/kube-proxy.exe
    restart-service kube-proxy
    ```

{{< note >}}

> If you are running kube-proxy in a HostProcess Container instead of a Windows Service, you can upgrade kube-proxy by applying a newer version of your kube-proxy manifests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are running kube-proxy in a HostProcess container within a Pod, and not as a Windows Service,
you can upgrade kube-proxy by applying a newer version of your kube-proxy manifests.

For example, you might have a manifest for a DaemonSet that runs kube-proxy on every Windows node.
When you want to update kube-proxy, you edit or replace that DaemonSet.
```
?

> If you are running kube-proxy in a HostProcess Container instead of as a service, you can upgrade kube-proxy by applying a new version of kube-proxy manifests you are using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running kube-proxy in a HostProcess Container instead of as a service, you can upgrade kube-proxy by applying a newer version of version of your kube-proxy deployment manifests.
```

nit

Author: fixed
